Update Overview of Debugging Tools for 4.3. (#9124)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/debug/overview_of_debugging_tools.rst

Reviewer: Please break up some of your long lines, use the existing lines as a reference, too long lines are hard to read in the source

Visible Collision Shapes
++++++++++++++++++++++++

When this option is enabled, collision shapes and raycast nodes (for 2D and 3D) will be visible in the running project.

Visible Paths
+++++++++++++

When this option is enabled, curve resources used by path nodes will be visible in the running project.

Visible Navigation
++++++++++++++++++

> When this option is enabled, navigation meshes and polygons will be visible in the running project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this option is enabled, navigation meshes, and polygons will be visible in the running project.
```

Visible Avoidance
+++++++++++++++++

> When this option is enabled, avoidance objects shapes, radius and velocities will be visible in the running project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this option is enabled, avoidance object shapes, radiuses, and velocities will be visible in the running project.
```

Author: FYI: This is a direct copy of the tool-tip
https://github.com/godotengine/godot/blob/fe01776f05b1787b28b4a270d53037a3c25f4ca2/editor/plugins/debugger_editor_plugin.cpp#L83

I guess I could fix that too!
